[OD5483]: Remove in-repo docs (#3445)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: docs/agent-vs-gateway.md

The official Splunk documentation for this page is [Collector deployment modes](https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/gdi/opentelemetry/deployment-modes.html).

> For instructions on how to contribute to the docs, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING#documentation.md).

Reviewer: Would it make sense to link here? (the current link leads to 404)

```suggestion
For instructions on how to contribute to the docs, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/splunk/public-o11y-docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
